So let's discuss what can be done in this solution so that I know what's happening.
I'm going for all the reasons a list of I carry.
Note that okay, these are the nodes in which you can go.
So only go to the node, which is not in this moment.
That means it's not visited.
Right?
So the only problem that I can see here is this set that we are passing this set again and again.
Of course, it will take a lot of time.
Let's say the values are huge, right?
If the values are huge, it will try various possible combinations and it will tell us whether the answer
is possible or not.
Right.
So this will take a lot of time because we are also pushing this in math.
But just in Dennis said and I just said, can at most contain an element but can optimize this further,
can optimize this further and.
Do some things.
Yes, I can use bit manipulation for this eight, which is also called bit musk.
Right.
So what I am going to do is I will simply say that to keep the track of one, two, three, four, where
I'll use this, I'll use a number.
Right.
So this is a particular bit mosque.
Big musk.
So these bids, a particular number will be actually of storing it will actually store whether a particular
vertex was visited or not.
And so it will tell whether zero was visited or not.
One was reached on or two of its on order.
Three of is determined by distorting a integer.
Right.
So what is this integer?
If if I want to represent this in decimal, this becomes.
15.
Correct.
So this particular integer called 15, which has all four bits and which is a zero bit set.
Okay.
Let me reverse it in zero one, two, three.
It has a zero bits and that means it.
This set that is contained by 15 is contains zero.
Contains one.
Contains two, contains three.
Correct.
So if I say if I says if I say let's say ten.
So ten is nothing but 1010.
That means right now in my asset was one commentary.
That means I have only visited to naught, which is one common that I'm putting ten as an integer eight.
So just tell me one thing.
If I have any words to store, to mask these, and where does this to mask as a bit then what?
What should be the maximum value of the integer that I want them to store later?
If I have a and vertices, that means I will have n ones.
And what is this if if a particular decimal or an integer as and once, then it is nothing but to raise
to the power in minus one correct as this is to this to the power for -158.
So to store or to keep account of four two to make a bit masquerade offer up four vertices.
I want 58.
Similarly we can yeah.
So this is it.
So initially what I will do is initially my set is empty.
So what is an empty set.
It is zero, right.
And let's say that it's passing.
Let's say I'm currently I'm on the vertex one and I've just visited one only.
So what will be my departure?
It will be one comma, one right after this, what will happen?
Okay, let me go back.
Yeah.
This was the great parade.
So let me just make fun graph.
So after one or two, my reaction goes down to this one.
Right?
That means now I am on.
Okay.
Initially I was in zero and zero.
Nobody said.
That's why the number in Moscow is one.
Now what happens is now we're doing in this state, which is this one.
That means now I've reached one.
And this, it said, becomes so that.
The bind of my state will be this correct.
And what what is this Red Mosque?
And as a number.
It is nothing but tree.
So right now my state will be one comma tree.
That means I am on vertex one.
I'm on vertex one.
And the second values tree three means 0011, which means zero in one word, exquisite word.
Two in three are not.
Right.
So from let's say from this one, I go to tree.
Cool.
So from one, if I go to tree, I'll set this bit also of this tree.
Right.
So if I said this word of tree, then what will be my state?
It will be simple.
Right now my current word exists tree and the integer that is representing this big mask, which is
which will be eight plus two plus one, which is 11.
So I hope this is very clear.
Right.
So what is the meaning of 11?
11 if I didn't find it means is 10118.
And this 1011 will be is 11.
And this would be representing the zero one and three.
All these three elements are in my state, so I won't visit them again.
Right.
I can very easily check of whether an element is in my set or not, whether I visited them or not.
My quickly checking whether they are yet to build of the mask is set or not.
Right.
So let's move on to the code.
Let's quickly optimize it all.
Let's do it in the next part.